[#3296] Update Concepts Architecture Docs (#3320)
airyhq/airy: docs/docs/concepts/architecture.md

- `{component-type}-{component}` ConfigMap - holding the configuration for individual sources and components
- `airy-config-map` ConfigMap - storing a copy of the `airy.yaml` config file, inside the Kubernetes cluster.

## Apps

An App is a component or a collection of components which are interconnected and can be used to build any kind of application inside the Airy system.

## Components

A Component is a single unit which is used to build an App alone or together with other Components. There are different types of Components:

- `connector` - a connector is a component which is used to ingest events from and to a different source.
- `ui` - a UI component is a component which is used to display the events in a user interface.
- `api` - an API component is a component which is used to expose the events to a third party.

> ## Services / Pods
> 
> A Service / Pod is the smallest unit of a component. It is a container which runs inside a Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pods

Since Airy is built on Kubernetes pods are the smallest deployable unit and therefore are used to compose components.
```
